she's a magnificent looking bear
I mean she's real blonde I mean it's
gotta be a name blondie
she's coming straight towards us now I
can really see those at once taking this
is gonna sing your first leopard your
first world leopard and this is a wild
Alaskan bear with three youngsters I
mean this just doesn't happen
once in a lifetime
born under the ground in the depths of
winter these three camps are facing a
summer and fall in the wild for the
first time many challenges lie ahead of
them disputes with bigger more
aggressive bears threats from predators
like wolves and in just four short
months they must double their weight
before winter sets in again I just hope
they've got what it takes
the polar bear team has hit a problem
the sea ice has melted early this summer
just two years ago this place was frozen
solid with Isis exactly this time of
year but the annuit have been telling me
that the ice has been melting a lot
faster and this year there's absolutely
nothing around us in fact that block of
ice over there is the only piece that
we've seen in the entire Bay now that's
just got to be bad news for the
they'll have to go hungry for longer as
they wait for the sea ice to refreeze
and it's also going to be harder for us
to find them we don't really know where
we have to look but I'm hoping they've
gone up onto the rocky islands and
that's the direction we're heading now
you